Manager Xiao, what do you mean?
Are you saying that the man of our Ye family
No backbone
The two Chuye families are one of the three major families in Shangjing
On financial resources
Although the Ye family has declined over the years
But there was no absolute gap opened by the Chu family at all
On Force
The Chu family used to raise only four masters
You can pay for it.
But it seems to me
leaf
The family has no fear of the Chu family's path at all
But look at all of you here.
Except for Yue Yufei
You all kowtow to the Chu family one by one
again and again
Even if someone else rides on your neck
You dare not say a word
The Chu family wants to marry Ye Yunfei
You offer it with both hands
The Chu family wants to unite with others to suppress your Ye family
You're afraid.
Now the Chu family is coming to the door
You're trying to figure out how to get away.
I see your Ye family
It's just a bunch of nine bags of eggs
Since the death of Mr. Ye Qianshan
Shangjing Ye Family
Sooner or later it will be destroyed in the hands of you trash
Xiao Juanlin
You are educating my Ye family to be presumptuous
What are you?
How dare you say that about our Ye family?
What qualifications do you have?
How dare you speak in tongues like this
If it weren't for Yufei, it would be someone from your Ye family
You don't even have the qualifications to be challenged by me
It's the other way around.
Do you still have an old man like me in your eyes?
rebellious
Little Koi, I don't think you deserve to be human
Mom, I think you're right.
Our Ye family lost their weapons
Too long if
The Chu family is looking for trouble
Let him come.
Let him see if there is a man in our Ye family
Well, I also support King's Landing